Mom’s Birthday
No exit wound.
x-ray shows a lung puncture.
Let’s clean it up and
get a chest tube started.
Syringe. please.
Doctor. this is an emergency.
Soldier in critical condition.
Multiple shrapnel wounds
to the chest and legs.
Doctor Aboud?
Doctor Aboud is in surgery.
- What’s your name?
- Zafer.
Okay. Zafer.
I need to look under your arm.
If we have any morphine left.
give it to him.
Bandage.
Hurry!
Doctor!
Zafer. please.
Traitor...
He’s lost a lot of blood.
but so have you.
We should have killed him
an hour ago.
when we had the chance.
What you do outside this
hospital is your business.
but if you kill him now.
you will die.
You have to save me.
I’m a pediatric radiologist
at the end of a 72-hour shift.
If you kill this man.
the best I can do is suggest
you wait for Doctor Aboud.
to finish the three surgeries
ahead of you.
Is anyone hurt?
No. Doctor.
Nice work. Doctor.
Thank you.
Hello. Alaa.
Will he make it?
Your friend is in recovery.
- Thank you. Amira.
- Of course.
Can we see him?
One moment.
Let me call the nurse.
You would treat
this dog in here?
We treat the wounded and dying.
We don't ask
if they damaged our hospital.
or how they came to
be wounded and dying.
If you save the enemy.
you are the enemy.
And if I save your friend?
Please take him to recovery.
Go.
Abeer.
Yes. Doctor?
Will you take them back?
Excuse me.
Mama.
She was supposed to go
to your house
immediately after school.
I’m calling her now.
Thank you.
Of course.
Rasha?
Hello. Mama?
What are you doing here?
It’s your birthday.
That’s right.
Let’s go. Come on.
So. you’re a big deal?
This boy needs a doctor!
I can take him back. I got him.
Coming. Coming.
Hello. Dad.
Happy Birthday.
- Go in.
- Hello. Grandpa.
Rasha. my love. They are all
waiting for you inside.
Look at you.
I’ve missed you.
Hello. my love.
Mom. you shouldn’t have
done all this.
- Happy Birthday.
- Thank you.
Happy Birthday.
Good to see you.
-Sister.
-How are you?
I’m good.
- I wish I could sing.
- You can.
Rasha. my love. come and
hear this story about your Mama.
Pull up this chair and join us.
The week your mom was born.
it had rained so much
the streets were flooded
all the way to the hospital.
God didn’t want to share her
with the world.
Amira was delivered in our home.
I remember holding
her in my arms.
and feeling pure love.
And that has never changed.
Right. Amira?
It’s for me.
It’s my friend Fathi.
Can you grab more muhammara?
Thank you. my love.
Is that Fathi
Aleppo’s most famous poet?
Join us for dinner.
Please. sit down.
I'm sorry but my wife and kids
are waiting in the car.
I hope everyone is okay.
How many children
does Fathi have?
Three.
He is a good man.
Where have you been
these past two months?
I’ve been working.
Business is booming.
Haven’t you heard?
Business is booming?
Are you serious?
You expect me to do nothing?
I expect you to
protect this family.
Adnan...
It’s time for cake.
Happy Birthday. sister.
Isn’t this your favorite cake?
Yes.
But this is my birthday.
Can anyone hear me?
Check that area. Muhammed!
Is anyone here?
Yes. I heard someone over there.
- Where exactly?
- Under that slab of concrete.
Over here?
Yes.
Can anyone hear me?
Over here. Muhammed.
Hurry. Hurry.
Here. Here.
Help me.
Pull. Pull.
Pull with me.
Come on! Come on!
Almost there.
just a little more.
Was there anyone else
in the house?
Any other people?
Is anyone there?
My daughter.
Mama...
Rasha?
Be careful!
Rasha!
Help me.
Count with me...
One... two... three...
Mama...
Thank God.
she’s alive.
Careful. Careful.
Help me. Mama.
You’re okay. baby.
Look at me.
Dad?
Dad!
They’re coming back!
Get down!
Run!
Look at me.
Breathe.
Grandma. Grandpa. Fouad?
Aren’t you Doctor Amira?
It’s not safe here.
We need to go.
Leave as soon as you can.
Take care of yourself.
Hurry. Get in. get in.
It’s okay. It’s Alaa.
Just in case.
What did we do. Mama?
Tell me what we did wrong.
Check if the light on
your phone is still working.
We’ve never spoken
about your dad.
Do you ever wonder about him?
I saw you putting
his photo in your bag.
We were so young
when we first met.
Younger than you are now.
He had the most
beautiful dark eyes.
I tried so hard to get
his attention.
but he never
seemed to notice.
One day during class
I caught him staring at me.
He played it so cool.
I thought he didn’t like me.
I was so embarrassed.
A few days later.
our whole class was playing
in the courtyard.
An alarm sounded.
and we were told to evacuate.
I completely froze.
I looked at your dad.
all I saw were
his beautiful eyes.
He took my hand and
pulled me to safety.
I knew that day.
I would never let go.
and I never did
until the day he died.
You were born a few weeks later.
Every time I look
into your eyes.
I see him.
Rasha. I love...
Amira.
Knock if you can hear me.
When I turn this corner.
we’ll be less than a
kilometer from the border.
From here on.
I need you to be silent.
No matter what you hear.
you must not make a sound.
Do you understand?
Turn the light off.
Not so funny anymore. is it?
What happened to all that
catchy rebellious chanting?
Eyes up!
These look like ours?
Intelligence Officers.
I’m here to fight terrorists.
not their private war.
Tarek. are we really fighting
two different wars?
It’s our duty to cut the head
off the Zionist snake...
...wherever they are.
May Syria be united.
May Syria be united!
Our national pride.
Loyal brothers.
Today is your day.
Today.
it is time we take the fight
to these traitors.
Let us weed out the terrorists
from our city.
our lands. and our lives.
Until Syria is united once more.
Let’s go!
Release him. for God’s sake!
Please. In the name of God.
He didn’t do anything.
Kick it in.
We didn't do anything wrong.
Get up.
On your knees!
Where’s Ali?
You will tell me.
Where is your husband Ali?
Do you not remember. sir?
You took him three months ago.
He took him three months ago.
Sir. this boy’s name is Ali.
Leave me alone. you dog.
No!
Ah. yes.
This is the Ali
we’re looking for.
The one who graffitis his hate
on the walls of our great city
when he thinks
no one is watching.
But we’re always watching.
Take him.
He’s only a child!
I swear his words mean nothing.
I swear...
Words are weapons.
and treasonous boys grow up
to be treasonous men.
Bring me my notebook.
No.
Please. leave my son.
I beg you!
Show mercy.
Please. my little boy.
Show mercy!
Show mercy.
Ali.
No.
Sir. Sir...
Attention!
You have been found
guilty of treason.
against the Republic of Syria.
and a plot to overthrow
our Great President!
These treasonous crimes
are unforgivable
in the eyes of the
Syrian people.
Shame on you!
Keep them back.
He’s just a boy!
Shoot anyone who
attempts to interfere.
You are hereby
sentenced to death.
Ready...
Aim...
Fire!
Mustafa!
Where are you going?
We have border duty.
I’ll meet you in one hour.
Mustafa!
Is anyone home?
Back here.
If they see that flag.
they will kill you.
I pray they send you to do it.
I’ve seen your name on a list.
Let them come.
What is left for you here?
A lifetime of
beautiful memories.
Stay away!
What else can they take?
Get out of here.
I do not fear death.
No one would mourn
your death. old man.
I protested in peace.
and they shot at me.
You sided with terrorists!
Terrorists?
I dug out the bodies
of your mother
and sister with
my bare hands.
when their only crime was
where they slept.
Papa. please.
Stay back!
Your life brings shame
on this family.
I am exactly who
you raised me to be.
A good soldier.
Loyal like my father.
My son is dead.
Where did you go?
When you shot that boy today...
The terrorist.
What did you feel?
I’m a soldier.
I was given an order.
and I followed that order.
Did you feel nothing?
How was I supposed to feel?
He was a child.
who scribbled on walls.
What about
a united Syria?
Cut the head off
the Zionist snake.
Didn’t I do just like
you taught me?
We left our homes
and our families.
so that we could fight together.
I followed you. brother.
Mustafa.
Mustafa. where did you go?
Brothers.
Wonderful to see you again.
Brother Mustafa.
Such unexpected luck.
Sir. what brings you
all the way out here?
I have been charged
with checking
the safety of
our checkpoints.
Protecting our borders
from terrorists.
both foreign and domestic.
is one of our
greatest priorities.
It’s an honor.
No. the honor is all mine.
We have been entrusted
with the power and authority
to create a stronger Syria.
Would you not agree.
Brother Mustafa?
No Syrian could deny
our power or authority.
It would appear
we have a visitor.
And in such a hurry.
How’s it going?
It's going.
I’m in a hurry. Tarek.
Open the gate.
Of course.
Please ask our guest
to present his papers.
Papers.
Documents check out.
Have a nice day.
Ask him where he’s headed.
Where are you headed?
To visit my uncle in A’zaz.
Open the gate. That’s an order.
Order?
Tarek...
...invite our guest
to step out of the car.
Turn off the engine.
and step out of the car.
What's your name. soldier?
Captain Alaa din-Halabi.
Captain?
Well. Captain.
we have strict orders
to inspect every vehicle.
That includes all
military personnel.
Open the trunk.
It’s broken.
Broken?
Show me.
Satisfied?
Open the gate.
Don’t you dare turn
your back on me!
Shoot him.
Tarek.
I won't say it again.
Open the trunk.
Do you know what caused
this war. Mustafa?
Surprises!
Such a lovely surprise.
You are the reason I will never
stop fighting for Syria.
Look at those beautiful eyes.
Look at me.
No matter what happens.
just keep looking at me.
Mustafa.
There are those who pretend
to support our cause.
You’ll see them
working hard in public
to profess their loyalty.
but in private...
Bribes.
Come to me.
Surprises?
One less surprise.
Now Mustafa.
show me you aren’t
like your father.
Go ahead.
Do it!
Eviction Notice:
To Be Demolished
Hello.
Okay.
Meet me there in one hour.
Good.
Papa?
Papa!
Good morning. son.
How did you sleep?
Good.
How do you feel?
Better.
Better?
Okay.
Remember our deal?
Medicine first.
You won't smile after you drink.
Listen.
After tonight.
you and I will get
out of here for good.
That wasn't the deal.
It's a new deal.
Where should we go?
Someplace better.
Better for both of us?
Someplace with pizza.
Pizza?
Chicago.
Chicago?
Where is Chicago. Papa?
America.
The land of opportunity.
Can I go to school there?
Of course.
With other kids?
Is there any other way?
But they only allow kids
who finish their medicine.
Good.
Okay. get some rest.
I need to go now.
Please stay. Papa.
You won't even notice I'm gone.
I always notice.
You wanna watch some Rimolar?
Papa. I'll be waiting for you.
Nice to see you again.
My pleasure.
Careful. this shit is sharp.
More of your people.
Not my people. boss.
I'm from Africa like you.
Where?
Egypt.
But this is my home now.
I came here with nothing.
Now I have an
apartment and a girl.
four guys working for me.
and a pretty nice truck too.
How long you've been
doing this again?
Almost two years.
And you've never seen a pitch?
Today is my first.
but I always provided the labor.
You're ambitious.
I’m trying. boss.
Your pricing is good.
I can do better with volume.
You gotta crawl first.
my friend.
Slow down.
How long they've been waiting?
One hour.
Good.
You always want to make sure
they're nervous enough
that they feel desperate.
But not so nervous
that they question
if you can deliver.
So you always keep them
waiting one hour?
No. my friend.
You need to read the room.
You know what that means?
It means you listen
to your customers.
What?
Shouldn't you always
listen to your customers?
Who said that?
You did.
I never did.
This is supply and demand.
Governments create the demand.
We provide the supply.
Hello.
I'm offering one-way
nonstop tickets to Greece.
It will cost you 2000
for an adult.
1500 for a child.
Dollars.
Not Lira.
Listen up.
The black man says the trip
will cost $1.500 for a kid
and $2.000 for an adult.
We don't accept Visa.
Mastercard. or American Express.
Only cash.
No exchanges. no refunds.
You show up late
or you get caught.
not my problem.
He only accepts cash.
Translate.
He's asking what guarantees
they make it safely to Greece.
Tell the big bad man.
the boat will leave tomorrow
morning at 5 a.m. precisely.
The boat will leave at 5 a.m.
Leave.
Questions?
Looks like we don't have time
for questions today.
Due to overwhelming demand.
we only have space
for 30 people.
So anyone ready to start
their new life.
should pay my friend.
Go.
Be patient. Give me a second.
We almost sold 30 tickets.
How many exactly?
Twenty-seven.
So?
$6.000 short.
Should I take that
from your cut?
Huh?
Hey.
You ask for all what I have.
This is everything.
Marwan. Marwan.
I give you the thing that
most important to you.
Can I trust you with
what most important to me?
Find the heart in the fence.
Keep going until you
get to the sea.
No refunds. no exchanges.
so don't be late
and don’t get caught.
Okay?
Do you think that small boat
will make it across
with 32 people?
They make it. they don't.
it all pays the same.
Hey. what about my cut. Marwan?
See you at 5 a.m.
Don't be late.
Give me two.
With cheese.
Did you eat the cheese.
but leave the burger?
Only big bad men eat the cheese.
and leave the burger.
Are you a big bad man now?
Yeah?
When do we leave
for Chicago. Papa?
How many sleeps?
You tell me.
When do you want to leave?
I'm ready now.
Ready now?
Where are your bags?
Are they packed?
Please don't leave me
again. Papa.
Let's show them how
big and bad we are
when we fight together.
Let’s go.
Show me.
Good.
Goodnight.
It’s gonna be okay.
Let’s go. Hurry.
Hurry up. He’s here.
How you doing. boss?
Get that boat down to the beach.
Move it.
The black man is getting upset.
Okay. boss.
How many are there?
Twenty-three.
Go make sure the boat
is in the water.
You got it.
Let’s go. Hurry up.
Pull it from your side.
I’m trying. but the waves
are too strong.
Let’s go. guys. Come on.
Let’s go.
Pull.
Everybody on the boat.
Get on the boat. He wants to go.
Sir. Sir. please.
The jacket for my daughter.
Sir please. sir.
Please. sir!
Are you hurt?
We need life jackets
for the children.
They can’t swim.
You have to beg him.
Hey.
I'm sorry I was late.
My daughter hurt her leg.
We need more life jackets.
What?
I'm worried of the safety
of my children.
You need to worry about what’s
going to happen to your children
if they don't get on
that boat. now.
I won't say it again!
Everybody on that boat now!
Hurry up. Get on the boat.
Let's go! Let’s go!
Get on the boat.
Everybody sit down. Sit down.
You! Hey!
Meet me at the back.
Go. Go. He wants to leave.
Hurry up.
Turn the boat around.
Shaheen.
You have one job. do your job.
Turn it around! The black man
doesn’t want to get wet.
Let’s go!
Good. good. stop. stop. good.
That’s deep enough.
that’s deep enough. Stop.
Sit down.
Okay.
You drive this thing
like you drive a car.
Do you know how to drive a car?
If the engine shuts off.
you pull this cord
to restart it.
Just pull
and keep pulling.
until it restarts.
Once the engine is running.
this is how you
control your speed.
The more you twist.
the faster it goes.
Easy. Your kid can do it.
Okay. but...
You see the compass?
Keep this arrow pointing south.
Only south.
You do that.
you'll be eating souvlaki
and pita for lunch.
But what if...
Hey. you keep talking
while you should be listening.
Listen to me!
Keep it south.
You with me?
Okay. good.
One final thing.
You see the coast guard.
as soon as you see them.
take the knife and
stab the side of the boat.
What?
The boat will pop
and the coast guard will
rescue all of you.
They love that hero shit.
Sir. but we can't swim.
Not my problem. my friend.
All yours. Captain.
They make it. they don't...
It all pays the same.
I counted 28.
Four must have not made it.
Not my problem.
Tell me something. Marwan.
How do you manage to
keep that much money
in your wet underwear?
You tell me something.
What is that word in Arabic?
The one you keep calling me.
The one you think
I don't understand?
Nigger!
God is great. God is great.
God is great.
Oh. God. we ask you
on this our journey
for safety and protection.
and for works that are
pleasing to you.
Oh. God. lighten this
journey for us.
and make its distance
easy for us.
Amen.
Sara. it’s time to go.
Let’s go.
Aya.
Aya. we talked about this.
But Papa. I love Blu so much.
I can’t leave him behind.
Sweetie. we can’t
take him with us.
You must leave him.
Please don’t make me.
I love Blu.
I know you love him. but we
can’t take him on the boat.
Please. Papa.
He’s part of our family.
Put him inside.
Papa. please.
I'm so sorry.
Let’s go.
The police are on high alert.
We must stay together.
and avoid the lights.
This way.
I promise to find you a new
puppy when we get to Greece.
Sami. hold the other side.
Papa. my leg!
Help me! Help me!
Help your mother.
Hold your brother.
Sara.
Sorry. Mama.
I ripped my best pants.
Don’t worry. sweetheart.
It’s okay.
It stings.
Will we make it?
We’ve got to keep moving.
It stings.
Let’s go.
This way.
Turn the light off.
Papa. my leg.
Hang on. You’re being so brave.
We need to be quiet.
Sami. help your mother.
We need to hurry.
Let’s go.
Come on.
Halt or we’ll shoot!
I’ll distract them.
Take the children and run.
You understand?
Fathi. you promised
we’d stay together.
Come out
or we’ll shoot!
You must get to the beach
before the boat leaves.
Show us your hands!
Sami. take care of your sister.
Come out slowly
with your hands
where we can see them!
Don’t move.
Keep your hands
where we can see them.
It’s this way.
Let’s go. guys.
Come on. Let’s go.
Everybody on the boat.
Sir. Sir please.
Please. the jacket
for my daughter.
Sir please.
Sir. please sir.
Are you hurt?
We need life jackets
for the children.
They can’t swim.
You have to beg him.
This is for you.
It will keep you safe.
Thank you. Thank you. my love.
Thank you so much.
Are you okay. sweetie?
Hey.
Sorry I was late.
My daughter hurt her leg.
We need more life jackets.
You need to worry about
what's gonna happen...
Give him to me. sweetheart.
I won't say it again!
Everybody on that boat. now!
We need to get on.
Let’s go. sweetheart.
Hurry up. Get on the boat.
Let's go! Let’s go!
Let's go! Let’s go! Let’s go!
Get on the boat. people.
Let's go!
Hurry!
Everybody sit down. Sit down.
You! Hey!
Meet me at the back.
Go. Go. He wants to leave.
Hurry up.
Turn the boat around.
Shaheen.
You have one job. do your job.
Turn it around! The black man
doesn't want to get wet.
Good. good.
stop. stop. good.
That's deep enough.
That's deep enough. Stop.
Sit down.
Okay.
You drive this thing
like you drive a car.
Do you know how to drive a car?
Okay.
If the engine shuts off...
Show me your leg.
May I? I’m a doctor.
And your hands are full.
Show me your leg. sweetie.
Don’t be afraid.
I know you.
You’re that doctor
from the hospital.
I’m Sara.
This is Elias.
and you’ve met Aya.
Our oldest is Sami.
I’m Amira.
This is my daughter Rasha.
and this is Mustafa.
Mustafa Faris.
He’s from our neighborhood.
Faris?
Are you the son of Adeem Faris?
Your father has
saved many lives.
He’s a great man.
Mustafa saved our lives.
Do you and your father
work together?
No.
I was just in the right place.
at the right time.
You’re going to be alright.
You take the knife and
stab the side of the boat.
What?
The boat will pop
and the coast guard
will rescue all of you.
They love that hero shit.
All yours. Captain.
Where is he going?
You can’t go.
Come back.
Please don’t leave us.
Come back!
Papa. can we make it?
Of course we can.
We’ll make it.
Mama. I’m scared.
Turn back before we all die.
What’s wrong with it?
What’s wrong with it?!
I can fix it.
Good job. my boy!
Good job! You did it.
Papa!
Don’t be afraid. I’ve got you.
Mustafa!
Mama!
Rasha!
Oh God please! Have mercy on us!
Please God! Help us!
Mama. boat!
This is the Hellenic
Coast Guard.
Please remain on the boat
while we rescue those
in the water.
Don’t do it. Papa.
We’ll all die.
All together. Row. Let’s row.
Let's go!
Row. Row. Row.
Children first.
Children first!
Down. Down. Down.
Sami!
Stavros?
Christ...
I saw...
Sorry I woke you.
Were you out there again?
Next time. could you dry off
before coming back to bed?
Again?
He worries about you.
Where are you going?
To get some water.
You sure that’s safe?
Morning. Papa.
Good morning. buddy.
Are you coming to
my soccer match tomorrow?
What day is it today?
Saturday.
I hope so.
I might score a goal.
I'm sure you will.
Will you come?
Please.
Check again. Nikolas.
Check again.
They were spotted
not far from here.
Wait. over there. to our right.
Take the helm.
Do you see them?
I see them.
We found them. get ready!
Vagellis. ready the stern.
50 meters and closing.
How many?
More than 35.
Kostis. hurry. blankets
and life jackets.
Nikolas. come out to
give us a hand.
Coming!
Vagellis. come to the helm.
Grab the rope!
Get it!
Nikolas. throw the other rope.
To the stern.
Hurry. Hurry.
Back. Back. Back.
Get the rope to the back.
Back. Back.
Pull. Nikolas.
Bravo. Bravo. Great job.
Bravo. Bravo.
Pull. Pull. Pull.
Go back. Back.
Pull back. Pull back.
Go back! Go back! Go back!
Back. back. back. back. back.
Let the boat go back.
Get ready.
Grab it. Grab it. Grab it.
Children first. Children first.
Calm down.
Did you eat enough?
You can’t be out
there right now.
Be here now. Together.
I’m curious. Stavros.
Do you ever keep track of
how many people you’ve saved?
Stavros saves so many people.
he has no time to keep track.
God himself would
call on Stavros
if he needed
to be rescued.
I keep the log.
But do you keep a count?
No.
Nikolas. do you keep count?
Not at the beginning.
But you’ve saved thousands.
What do they hope to find here?
Is it really worth
risking their lives?
It can’t be.
They aren’t risking their lives
to live in Lesvos.
But they just keep coming.
Will they ever stop?
If they get stuck here.
they will become violent.
Many of them are terrorists.
They aren’t terrorists.
We can’t keep paying
for all this.
You think anyone here believes
you’re paying for anything?
What’s the tally. Nikolas?
Just our ship?
Since last October?
11.627.
Does that include today?
Today’s not over.
What about the ones who died?
Do you include them?
No. No.
It's more than 1.000.
How do you know?
That was the number
when I stopped counting.
You have a fan.
Yeah.
How many can you do?
Six or seven. Want to see?
Let's go. Bedtime. Come on.
Papa. will you please lay down
with me for two minutes?
Not today. buddy.
If we win tomorrow. we play
for the championship.
It's already the finals?
Yes. Papa.
Are you working tomorrow?
I don't know. buddy.
I don't know.
It’s okay if you need to
save all the people again.
Lay down.
Papa. is it dangerous?
Yes.
For some people it is.
Especially babies?
Only two minutes.
Approaching last
known coordinates.
Storm is closing in.
Appreciate the warning.
Proceeding as planned.
Search lights up.
Everybody on guard.
Bring the search lights up!
Everybody on guard!
Bringing the
search lights up. sir.
Everybody on guard.
We’re in range.
but visibility isn’t good.
Stavros.
Not the first time.
Headcount.
Is everyone okay?
All accounted for.
All accounted for. Captain.
We should consider
turning back. Stavros.
Take the helm.
Quiet everyone! Listen! Listen!
Help.
To the right!
People in the water.
Engines right in reverse.
Right in reverse!
Ready the ropes!
Go help the Captain.
Go with him.
Go back.
Careful.
Be careful.
Get them out. Get them out.
Nikolas. hold the engines.
We got them.
Yes. Captain.
Come. grab her. Grab her.
Be careful!
All yours.
Bring blankets.
Nikolas. I need you
back here now!
Right away!
Starting compressions
on the girl.
Give her to me.
Let’s go. Let’s go.
Lift her.
She’s not
responding. Captain.
Don't give up. Nikolas.
Come on. Come on.
Please breathe.
Where is the boat?
Where are the other people?
Show me!
Searchlight. starboard and aft!
Starboard and aft. Captain.
On the other side.
There they are.
This is the Hellenic
Coast Guard.
Please remain on the boat
while we rescue those
in the water.
Thank God.
Watch for others in the water.
Grab the rope!
Rasha.
Breathe.
Breathe. my baby.
Let's go. Come on. Okay.
Move to the back of the boat!
Pull! Pull!
Breathe. Rasha.
Please breathe. my love.
-Breathe.
-Come on.
Children first!
Pull more. Pull!
Bring them here.
Bring them here! Fast!
Down. down. take the boy.
Move to the back of the boat.
Go. go. go. go. go. go. go!
Everybody down.
Down. down. down. down. down.
Sami.
Sami!
Sami. Sami. my baby.
Someone’s in the water.
Nikolas! Bring it around.
We’re tied to the boat.
we can’t risk it!
Stavros!
Assign a man to watch for me.
Sami.
Sami. Sami. my baby.
Breathe. Sami!
Stop it.
It's not your fault.
Sami.
Please God. not Sami.
Talk to me. my son!
My baby.
God!
I love you. my son.